add example to fix role-binding issue with cluster-admin role (#784)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/manage/upgrade.mdx

We have also made another relevant change to consider when migrating to `1.22`. We have stopped creating an automatic role binding to any custom service account created on namespaces managed by Okteto to the cluster role specified on `serviceAccounts.roleBindings.namespaces` (`clusterRole` in previous versions). If you create any custom service account as part of your application, make sure you also create any role or role binding needed.

> If you experience issues with permissions in this regard, we recommend creating an explicit role and role-binding, but as an alternative solution you could also manually just create the role-binding to the `cluster-admin` role, using the following approach:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience issues with permissions in this regard, we recommend creating an explicit role and role-binding, but as an alternative solution you can also manually create the role-binding to the `cluster-admin` role, using the following approach:
```

1. Create the `rb.yml.tpl` file with the following content:
```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: <service-account-name>
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: cluster-admin
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: <service-account-name>
  namespace: ${OKTETO_NAMESPACE}
```
2. Replace `<service-account-name>` with the name of the service account you want to bind to the `cluster-admin` role.
3. In the Okteto Manifest deploy commands, use  `envsubst` to replace the `${OKTETO_NAMESPACE}` variable:
```yaml
deploy:

>   - envsubst < k8s/rb.yml.tpl > k8s/rb.yml

Reviewer 2: These two files should be in different folders. Otherwise, `kubectl apply -f k8s` will consider both files

Author: Are you sure? I assumed the `.tpl` extension would make it skip, I also tried and it seems to skip it.

I guess each team/user has it's preference on how to organize their files and suggesting a completelly different folder might be cleaner but then it focrces to have the additional dir.

Reviewer 2: Oh yes, if `kubectl` skips `*.tpl` extensions, I would keep it as it is

Author: I double checked this by having a directory with a `k8s.yml.tpl` inside it and run apply against it, you get the following error:

```
[recognized file extensions are [.json .yaml .yml]](error: error reading [k8s]: recognized file extensions are [.json .yaml .yml])
```
